Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Poison Flask	thief		Spell		1			The targeted player gain 2 Poison Counters. (At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Laboratory Rat	thief		Monster		2	1	3	Deadly Poison. (If this monster inflicts damage on another monster, the latter is systematically destroyed. If the target of his attack is a player give him as many poison counters as damage dealt. At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Snake Trap	thief		Spell	Trap	3			When an enemy monster attack a target, summon 3 Snake Token 1/1 with Deadly Poison. (If this monster inflicts damage on another monster, the latter is systematically destroyed. If the target of his attack is a player give him as many poison counters as damage dealt. At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.) One of this Token take the attack instead of the original target.
Snake Charmer	thief		Monster		4	2	3	Summon 2 Snake Token 1/1 with Deadly Poison. (If this monster inflicts damage on another monster, the latter is systematically destroyed. If the target of his attack is a player give him as many poison counters as damage dealt. At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Spell Thief Ring	thief		Spell	Trap	3			Whenever your enemy cast a spell with the Trap sub-type, you can chose to counter it and put it into your hand.
Rat Poison	thief		Spell	Trap	4			When an enemy monster attack a target, you can chose that the player of your choice gain 2 Poison Counters. (At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Cinglant Poisoner	thief		Monster		7	2	7	Each time this monster attack a player, the attacked player gain 2 Poison Counters. (At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.) Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Medusa, Queen of Snakes	thief		Monster		8	1	7	While this card is in play, summon 2 Snake Tokens 1/1 with Deadly Poison at the end of each of your turns. Deadly Poison. (If this monster inflicts damage on another monster, the latter is systematically destroyed. If the target of his attack is a player give him as many poison counters as damage dealt. At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Millennium Snake	thief		Monster		13	3	X	The HPs of this monster are equal to the number of Snake Tokens in play plus the number of Poison Counters on each player. Deadly Poison, Rush. (If this monster inflicts damage on another monster, the latter is systematically destroyed. If the target of his attack is a player give him as many poison counters as damage dealt. At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him. Can attack a monster the turn this card is played) Cost 1 less to play for each Snake Token in play and each Poison Counter on all the players.
Arsenic Pudding	thief		Spell		15			Deal X damage to the enemy player, X being the number of Poison Counters on each player. Cost 1 less to play for each Poison Counter on all the players.
Lethal Draw	thief		Spell		3			Sacrifice a Snake Token you control : draw 2 cards.
Poisoned Trap	thief		Spell	Trap	6			When your enemy cast a spell, you can chose that the player of your choice gain X Poison Counters, X being the original cost of the spell casted by your opponent. (At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Counterspell	thief		Spell	Trap	3			When your enemy cast a spell, counter it and remove as many Poison Counter on your enemy than the Mana Cost of the countered spell.
Mad Juggler	thief		Monster		6	5	4	Combo 4. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 4.)
Mad Scientist	thief		Monster		1	1	1	Each time this monster attack, you can give a Poison Counter to the player of your choice. (At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Ali Baba, King of Thieves	thief		Monster		5	X	3	The attack of this monster is equal to the number of Trap in every Trap zone. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Treasure Stealer	thief		Monster		1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the Trap sub-type, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand then shuffle your deck.
Counterattack	thief		Spell	Trap	4			When an enemy monster come into play from your enemy's hand, you can perform Combo 5 (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 5.) like if they had Flash. (Can be played from your hand at any time)
Minesweeper	thief		Monster		8	1	1	Minesweeping 2 : Deal 5 damage to the targeted player. (Discard 2 cards with the Trap sub-type from your hand to activate this effect.)
Magic Mirror	thief		Spell	Trap	4			When you should take damages, you can redirect them wherever you want.
Ambush	thief		Spell		15			Combo 15. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 15.) This card cost 1 less to play for each card in your hand an each card in your Trap zone.
Miscreant	thief		Monster		5	4	2	Rush. Combo 4. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 4. Can attack a monster the turn this card is played.)
Cure	thief		Spell		5			Remove X Poison Counters of an opponent player then draw X cards, X being the number of your choice.
Joker Copycat	thief		Monster		4	2	3	If you play this card during a Combo capacity, summon 2 copies of this monster in play. Combo 4. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 4.)
On the run	thief		Spell		6			Bring back in your hand the monster of your choice and reduce his cost to 0. Combo 3. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 3.)
Pilferer	thief		Monster		1	1	1	If you play this card during a Combo capacity, deal 1 damage to the target of your choice. Combo 1. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 1.)
Pugilist	thief		Monster		1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the Combo capacity, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck. Combo 1. (When you play this card, you can play an infinite amount of cards without paying their cost while the total mana cost of all thoses cards isn't more than 1.)
