Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Protecting Shield	paladin		Spell		1			Give +0/+1 to the target.
Knight	paladin		Monster	Paladin	2	1	2	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Crusader	paladin		Monster	Paladin	3	1	3	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Eager Cadet	paladin		Monster	Paladin	4	2	1	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played) Each time this monster deal damage to the enemy player, all your monsters with the Paladin sub-type who are in play gain +0/+1 until end of turn.
King Arthur	paladin		Monster	Paladin	5	3	5	All your monsters with the Paladin sub-type in your hand cost 1 less to play and all monsters with the Paladin sub-type in play and which come in play gain +0/+1.
Council of the Round Table	paladin		Spell		6			You can play a card with the Paladin sub-type for free from your hand. It gain Rush (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played) for this turn and come back in your hand at the end of your turn.
Plains Brigadier	paladin		Monster	Paladin	7	4	5	While this card is in play, each time a monster with the Paladin sub-type dies you recover 1HP. Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Wind-Pierce Fencer	paladin		Monster	Paladin	8	0	X	The HPs of this monster are equal to the number of monsters with the Paladin sub-type in play. Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Prayer	paladin		Sort		9			Deal X damages to the target, X being the number of monsters with the Paladin sub-type in play.
Jeanne d'Arc	paladin		Monster	Paladin	10	3	10	All allied monsters gain +X/-Y for this turn, X being their base HPs and Y being their base Attack.
White Knight	paladin		Monster	Paladin	10	1	1	If at the start of your turn you have at least 20 monsters with the Paladin sub-type in play, you win the game.
Commander of the Amber Guard	paladin		Monster	Paladin	3	1	2	Summon 2 1/2 Officer Tokens with the Paladin sub-type.
Chief of the Amber Guard	paladin		Monster	Paladin	4	2	3	Summon 3 1/2 Officer Tokens with the Paladin sub-type.
Call of the Amber Guard	paladin		Spell		5			Summon X 1/2 Officer Tokens with the Paladin sub-type, X being the number of monsters with the Paladin sub-type in play before the cast of this spell.
Barrack of the Amber Guard	paladin		Artifact		6			While this artifact is in play, at the start of each of your turns, summon 2 1/2 Officer Tokens with the Paladin sub-type.
General of the Amber Guard	paladin		Monster	Paladin	6	1	1	Gain +1/+1 for each 1/2 Officer Token with the Paladin sub-type in play.
Amber Guard Rally Banner	paladin		Artifact		4			Give +1/+0 to every Officer Token.
Reversal	paladin		Spell	Trap	4			When an enemy monster attack an allied monster, switch the attack and the HPs of the two monsters.
Lieutenant of the Amber Guard	paladin		Monster	Paladin	5	3	4	Search in your deck for a card with "Amber Guard" in his name, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Knight of the Amber Guard	paladin		Monster	Paladin	6	4	6	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Soldier of the Amber Guard	paladin		Monster	Paladin	1	1	1	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Amber Guard Armor	paladin		Spell		3			Give +1/+2 to the target.