Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Heal	priest		Spell		1			Recover 1HP to the target. If the target have the Zombie sub-type, deal 2 damage instead.
High Priest	priest		Monster		2	1	2	Recover 2HPs to the target. If the target have the Zombie sub-type, banish it instead.
Temple of Calamity	priest		Artifact		3			While it's your turn and this card is in play, every monster in play deal damages equal to their HPs instead of their Attack. This card stay in play 3 turns.
Crazy Priest	priest		Monster		4	3	4	Banish a monster with 2HPs or less.
Recovery	priest		Spell		5			If the target of this spell is a player, give it 3 Recovery Counters. (At the start of the turn of this player, he gain as many HPs as the number of Recovery Counter he have then lose one.) If the target of this spell is a monster without the Zombie sub-type, fully recover his HPs and draw a card. If the target of this spell is a monster with the Zombie sub-type, banish it and draw a card.
Bad Eye	priest		Spell		6			Draw 3 cards then discard 3 cards of your hand.
Priest of the Destruction	priest		Monster		2	0	1	Each time you recover any amount of HP, deal X damages to the enemy player, X being the number of HP recovered.
Wrath of God	priest		Spell		8			Banish all monsters and all artifacts in play. This spell can't be countered.
Zeus' Lightning	priest		Spell		4			Deal 2 damages to the targeted monster and each copy of this monster in play. If it's sub-type is the Zombie sub-type, banish it and each copy of it in play instead.
Reconstitution	priest		Spell		8			Recover X HPs to the target, X being the number of cards in play. If it's sub-type is the Zombie sub-type, deal X damages instead.
Choral Child	priest		Monster		3	2	4	Deal X damage to the target, X being the number of enemy's cards in his banned pile.
Templar	priest		Monster		2	1	3	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Devoted Fanatic	priest		Monster		5	0	1	Devotion 2 : Deal 1 damage to the target. (Pay 2 Mana Points and discard 2 cards from your hand to activate this effect.)
Devoted Priestess	priest		Monster		6	1	1	While this card is in play, each time you use a Devotion capacity, draw one card.
Fervant Priestess	priest		Monster		4	3	3	Devotion 4 : Deal 5 damage to the target. (Pay 4 Mana Points and discard 4 cards from your hand to activate this effect.) Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Worshipful Priestess	priest		Monster		3	2	3	Devotion 3 : draw a card. (Pay 3 Mana Points and discard 3 cards from your hand to activate this effect.)
Chalice of Worship	priest		Artifact		8			While this card is in play, each time you use a Devotion capacity, put the card of your choice from your discard pile to the top of your deck then shuffle your deck.
Altar of Fervor	priest		Artifact		9			While this card is in play, each time you use a Devotion capacity, deal X damage to the target of your choice, X being the cost of the Devotion capacity.
Idolatrous Priest	priest		Monster		7	3	7	While this card is in play, each time you use a Devotion capacity, this monster gain +1/+1. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Dedication	priest		Spell		10			Deal X damage to the target, X being the total cost of all Devotion capacities in play.
Priest Worshiper	priest		Monster		1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the Devotion capacity, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Temple of Devotion	priest		Artifact		5			Devotion 5 : Destroy targeted artifact. (Pay 5 Mana Points and discard 5 cards from your hand to activate this effect.)