Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Piercing Shot	marksman		Spell		1			Deal 2 damages to a creature.
Cub	marksman		Monster	Beast	2	X	1	The attack of this creature is equal to the number of creatures with the "Beast" sub-type that came in play this turn. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Bestial Summon	marksman		Spell	Beast	2			Summon 2 Wolf Tokens 1/1 with Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played) Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Beast" sub-type in play.
Sentry Wolf	marksman		Monster	Beast	4	1	2	Summon 1 Wolf Token 1/1 with Celerity. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played) Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Beast" sub-type in play.
Elvish Barrage	marksman		Spell	Elvish	5			Deal X damages to 2 enemy monsters of your choice. X is equal to the number of card in your hand.
Paths of Nature	marksman		Spell		6			Return in your hand 2 allied monsters of your choice with the "Beast" sub-type. Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Beast" sub-type in play.
Wolf Leader	marksman		Monster	Beast	7	3	1	Summon 2 Wolf Tokens 1/1 with Celerity. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played) Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Beast" sub-type in play.
The Boy who cried Wolf	marksman		Monster		8	5	8	Each time this monster attack, deal X damage to the creature of your choice, X is equal to the number of cards in your hand. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Ganesh, King of the Beasts	marksman		Monster	Beast	8	X	X	X is equal to the number of card in your hand. Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Nature Recall	marksman		Spell		15			Return in your hand all allied monsters that have the "Beast" sub-type and makes them cost 0. Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Beast" sub-type in play but the cost can't be lower than 6.
Proud Tracker	marksman		Monster	Beast	3	2	3	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Symbiosis	marksman		Spell		10			Add 2 spells of your choice from your discard to your hand. Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Beast" sub-type in play.
Barrage Shot	marksman		Spell		4			Deal 4 points of damage to all enemy monster.
Elvish Guardian	marksman		Monster	Elvish	2	1	3	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Elvish Call	marksman		Artifact	Elvish	6			Each time you play a card with the "Elvish" sub-type, deal X damages to a monster, X being the cost of the played card.
Elf Sage	marksman		Monster	Elvish	8	3	3	While this monster is in play, recover 1 Mana Point each time you play a card with the "Elvish" sub-type.
Elf Archaeologist	marksman		Monster	Elvish	1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the "Elvish" sub-type, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Elvish Sacrifice	marksman		Spell	Elvish	7			Sacrifice from play and/or discard from your hand as many card with the "Elvish" sub-type as you want then deal X damages to the enemy player and all his monsters.
Dark Elf	marksman		Monster	Elvish	10	1	1	When this card come into play, all your cards with the "Elvish" sub-type cost 0 for the rest of the turn.
Elfe Artificer	marksman		Monster	Elvish	4	1	3	While this monster is in play, at the start of each of your turns summon a Elvish Bomb Token 0/1 with the "Elvish" sub-type and "When this Token dies, deal 1 damage to the target of your choice.".
Elf's Firework Factory	marksman		Artifact	Elvish	6			Each time you play a card with the "Elvish" sub-type, summon 2 Elvish Bomb Token 0/1 with the "Elvish" sub-type and "When this Token dies, deal 1 damage to the target of your choice.".
Fairy Lake	marksman		Artifact		4			At the end of each of your turns, if you have at least 1 Mana Point left, you can use it to make the player of your choice draw a card. This effect can be used only one time per turn and isn't stackable with others "Fairy Lakes" in play.
Wild Hunter	marksman		Monster	Beast	1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the "Beast" sub-type, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Protector of the Forest	marksman		Monster	Beast	5	4	5	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.) Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Call of the Pack	marksman		Spell	Beast	8			Summon as many 1/1 Wolf Tokens with Celerity (Can attack the turn this card is played) as the number of cards with the "Beast" sub-type in play, in your hand and in your discard zone.
Growth	marksman		Spell		11			Draw 3 cards. Cost 1 less to play for each card in your discard zone.
Forest's Abomination	marksman		Monster		20	10	10	Bannish this monster at the end of your turn if it attacked. If it didn't attacked, sacrifice it unless you sacrifice 3 others monsters you control. Cost 1 less to play for each card in your discard zone. If you play this monster for 0, it gain Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)