Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Wolf Token	token		Monster	Beast	1	1	1	Can't be returned to the hand. Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Durandal, Sacred Sword Token	token		Artifact		10			Can't be returned to the hand. While this token is in play, at the start of each of your turns deal X damage to all enemy monsters, X being the number of allied monsters in play.
Flamme Engeance Token	token		Monster	Fire	1	0	1	Can't be returned to the hand. While this monster is in play, your spells deal 1 more damage.
Frost Engeance Token	token		Monster	Ice	1	0	1	Can't be returned to the hand. While this monster is in play, reduce the recieved damages by 1.
Zombie Token	token		Monster	Zombie	1	1	1	Can't be returned to the hand.
Goblin Token	token		Monster	Goblin	1	1	1	Can't be returned to the hand. Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Bat Token	token		Monster		1	1	1	Can't be returned to the hand. Drain. (Half of the damage (rounded down) that this monster inflicts, whether it is attacking or blocking, is returned to you in HPs.)
Snake Token	token		Monster		1	1	1	Can't be returned to the hand. Deadly Poison. (If this monster inflicts damage on another monster, the latter is systematically destroyed. If the target of his attack is a player give him as many poison counters as damage dealt. At the beginning of that player's turn, he loses X HPs, X being the number of poison counters on him and remove 1 poison counter from him.)
Elvish Bomb Token	token		Monster	Elvish	1	0	1	Can't be returned to the hand. Quand ce Jeton meurt, infligez 1 point de degat a la cible.
Road to the Holy Grail Token	token		Artifact		10			Can't be returned to the hand. If at the start of your turn you have 3 different monsters with the Grail sub-type, discard this token and summon a Holy Grail Token if you don't already have one.
Holy Grail Token	token		Artifact		10			Can't be returned to the hand. If at the start of your turn you have 3 different monsters with the Grail sub-type, you can chose to discard this token and the player of your choice instantly lose the game.
Officer Token	token		Monster	Paladin	1	1	2	Can't be returned to the hand.