Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Bearer	warrior		Monster		1	2	1	Gain +0/+1 if this monster is attacked by an enemy monster with 1 Attack or less.
Fencer	warrior		Monster		2	3	1	Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Lancer	warrior		Monster		3	2	3	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Royal Guard	warrior		Monster		4	3	3	Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Brigandin	warrior		Monster		5	3	5	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Plan B	warrior		Spell		6			Draw X cards, X being the number of enemy monsters in play. X can't be less than 1.
Lethal Assault	warrior		Spell		7			Deal X damage to the targeted monster and recover XHPs, X being the number of allied monsters in play minus the number of enemy monsters in play. X can't be less than 1.
Dance of the Swords	warrior		Spell		8			All allied monsters in play gain +2/+0 until end of turn. Cost 1 less for each monster you control in play.
Swan Knight	warrior		Monster		9	6	7	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Roland the Immortal	warrior		Monster		10	8	10	If you don't already have a Durandal, Sacred Sword Token in play, summon a Durandal, Sacred Sword Token. Otherwise, draw 2 cards. Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Hidden Revenge	warrior		Spell	Trap	5			When an enemy monster attack a target, you can play from your hand without paying it's cost the monster of your choice, make it battle in replacement of the attacked monster and put it back into your hand if it don't die.
Lancelot	warrior		Monster		9	5	7	On the turn this card come into play, it don't take any damage and can attack 2 times. Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Percival	warrior		Monster	Grail	8	1	6	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Bors	warrior		Monster	Grail	7	4	4	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Galaad	warrior		Monster	Grail	6	5	7	Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Quest of the Holy Grail	warrior		Spell		0			If you have at least 3 different monsters with the Grail sub-type, summon a Road to the Holy Grail Token if you don't already have one.
Excalibur, the Legendary Sword	warrior		Artifact		4			While this artifact is in play, switch the Attack and the HPs of all monsters. Sacrifice this artifact 5 turns after it was played.
Bait	warrior		Spell		3			The targeted enemy monster is forced to attack the targeted allied monster on the next turn of your opponent.
Hole	warrior		Spell	Trap	2			When an enemy monster attack a target, destroy the monster of your choice.
Kay	warrior		Monster		4	1	2	Gain +1/+1 for every artifact in play.
Gawain	warrior		Monster		6	5	7 Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Karadoc	warrior		Monster		4	4	4	Each time this monster take damages it gain +1/+1. Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.)
Merlin	warrior		Monster		1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the "Grail" sub-type show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Assault	warrior		Spell		3			Deal 2 damages to the targeted monster.
Rain of Arrows	warrior		Spell	Trap	4			When an enemy monster attack a target, deal 3 damages to all opponents monsters.
Assassin	warrior		Monster		2	2	1	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Executioner	warrior		Monster		4	2	3	Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
