Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Zombie	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	1	1	1	When this monster is put in the discard from play, put it into play 2 turns after it was put in discard.
Life Reaper	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	2	1	3	Each time this monster attack, summon a 1/1 Zombie Token with the "Zombie" sub-type and discard the 2 cards on the top of the enemy deck.
Sacrificial Rite	necromancer		Spell		3			Revoke from the discard pile a monster with the "Zombie" sub-type of your choice.
Scavenger Crow	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	4	4	1	Sacrifice an allied monster with the "Zombie" sub-type : give Celerity to the targeted allied monster. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Zombie Horde	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	5	0	4	Taunt. (If you want to attack the enemy player or another monster without taunt, you need to kill this one before.) This monster can't take more than 3 damage in 1 hit. Each time this monster take damage, summon a 1/1 Zombie Token with the "Zombie" sub-type and discard the 2 cards on the top of the enemy deck.
Cerberus Rider	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	6	3	4	While this monster is in play, each time a monster with the "Zombie" sub-type dies, discard the 2 cards on the top of the enemy deck.
Satan	necromancer		Monster		7	7	7	If you have an artifact named Last Judgement in your deck, draw cards until you have it in your hand then discard all your deck, then put your hand into your deck and shuffle it. Rush. (Can attack a monster the turn this card is played)
Zombie Shapeshifter	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	8	X	X	The attack and the HPs of this monster are equal to the number of monster with the "Zombie" sub-type in play. Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Zombie" sub-type in play.
Immortal Fire Spitter	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	9	5	5	While this monster is in play and at the end of each of your enemy's turn, discard 2 cards of is hand at the far right and 2 at the far left.
Last Judgement	necromancer		Artifact		8			While this card is in play, if at the end of your turn you don't have any card in your deck, deal X damages to an enemy player, X being the number of card if your discard pile.
To the Other Side	necromancer		Artifact		2			While this card is in play, at the start of each of your turns summon a 1/1 Zombie Token with the "Zombie" sub-type (This token isn't affected by summonning sickness) and discard the card on the top of the enemy deck. If you have this card in your discard pile, you can play it from your discard pile for his usual mana cost.
Satanic Rite	necromancer		Spell		4			If you have a monster named Satan in your deck, sacrifice 3 allied monsters with the "Zombie" sub-type and search in your deck for a card named Satan, show it to your enemy and put it into your hand then shuffle your deck.
Gravedigger	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	2	0	4	While this card is in play, you can play every monster with the "Zombie" sub-type which are in your discard pile like if they're was in your hand. The cost of the cards you play from graveyard is divided by 2. (rounded down)
Working Ghoul	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	2	0	1	While this card is in play, each time this monster attack the enemy player, discard the top two card of the enemy deck.
Putrefaction	necromancer		Spell		2			Search in your deck for two monsters of your choice with the "Zombie" sub-type, show them to your enemy and put them into your hand then shuffle your deck.
Abomination	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	5	0	5	While this card is in play, each time a player gain or lose at 1 HPs, the player of your choice discard the 2 cards at the top of his deck.
Invasion of Zombies	necromancer		Spell		7			Deal X damage to the target, X being the number of monster with the "Zombie" sub-type in play.
Morbid Duplication	necromancer		Spell		8			Summon X 1/1 Zombie Token with the "Zombie" sub-type, X being the number of monsters with the "Zombie" sub-type in play. All the Tokens generated this way gain Celerity. (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Taboos search	necromancer		Spell		3			Banish two card from your discard pile, draw two cards.
Contaminated Food	necromancer		Artifact		4			While this card is in play, each time a monster with the "Zombie" sub-type attack another mosnter, if the attacked monster didn't had the "Zombie" sub-type, it gain the "Zombie" sub-type in addition to its other sub-types.
Trip Beyond the Grave	necromancer		Artifact		6			While this card is in play, each time you play a monster with the "Zombie" sub-type, put in play from your discard pile a monster with the "Zombie" sub-type of your choice.
Degeneration	necromancer		Spell		13			The targeted player discard the top X cards of his deck, X being the number of monster with the "Zombie" sub-type in play. Cost 1 less to play for each monster with the "Zombie" sub-type in play.
Cannibal Zombie	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	5	3	5	Rally 1 : Gain +2/+1. (Banish 1 allied monster with the "Zombie" sub-type who is either in play, in your hand or in your discard zone to activate this effect) Celerity.  (Can attack the turn this card is played)
Master of Oblivion	necromancer		Monster	Zombie	7	4	8	Banishment X : Deal X damages to the target. (Banish X cards of your choice from your discard zone to activate this effect)
Comeback from Oblivion	necromancer		Spell		15			Bring back in play under your control all the banished monsters, ally and enemy. Cost 1 less to play for each card in every banishment zone.
Mass Extinction	necromancer		Spell		9			Rally X : Banish X monsters in play or in the discard zone of any player. (Banish X allied monster with the "Zombie" sub-type who is either in play, in your hand or in your discard zone to activate this effect)
Mortuary Explosion	necromancer		Spell		1			Sacrifice an allied monster : deal X damages to the target. X being the Attack of the sacrified monster.