Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Sub-Type	Cost	Attack	HPs	Text
Spark	mage		Spell	Fire	1			Deal 2 damage to the target.
Magic Student	mage		Monster		2	2	3	While this monster is in play, your spells deal 1 more damage.
Yggdrasil's Roots	mage		Artifact	Yggdrasil	2			
Yggdrasil's Leaves	mage		Artifact	Yggdrasil	2			
Yggdrasil's Trunk	mage		Artifact	Yggdrasil	2			
Yggdrasil's Sap	mage		Artifact	Yggdrasil	2			
Yggdrasil's Fruits	mage		Artifact	Yggdrasil	2			
Yggdrasil, the World Tree	mage		Spell	Yggdrasil	0			If you have 5 differents Artifacts with the Yggdrasil sub-type in play, discard them : the enemy player skip his next turn and all your spells that deal damages deals 2 more damages.
Mental Shock	mage		Spell		3			Take the control of the targeted monster for this turn, you can attack with it.
Arcane Professor	mage		Monster		5	3	4	Put the two spells of your choice from your discard to your hand.
Fireball	mage		Spell	Fire	3			Deal 4 damage to the target.
Midgard Researcher	mage		Monster		1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the Yggdrasil sub-type show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Goose Transformation	mage		Spell		4			Transform the targeted card into a 0/1 Goose Token. Flash. (Can be played from your hand at any time, as long as it's cost is paid)
Pyromancer	mage		Monster	Fire	1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the Fire sub-type show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Cryomancer	mage		Monster	Ice	1	1	1	Search in your deck for a card with the Ice sub-type show it to your enemy and put it into your hand, then shuffle your deck.
Lava Flow	mage		Spell	Fire	4			Deal 3 damage to all enemy monsters and their owners.
Frost Trap	mage		Spell	Trap and Ice	3			At the moment an enney monster attack a target, you can cancel his attack and froze it. (A frozen monster can't attack on the next turn of his owner.)
Stalagmite	mage		Spell	Ice	2			Deal 3 damage to a target and froze it if it's a monster. (A frozen monster can't attack on the next turn of his owner.)
Frost Golem	mage		Monster	Ice	20	20	20	Cost 1 less to play for each card in play and each card with the Ice sub-type in your hand.
Arcanic Research	mage		Spell		8			Draw 2 cards. Cost 1 less to play for each card in play.
Blazing Summon	mage		Spell	Fire	15			Summon as many 0/1 Flamme Engeance Tokens with "Can't be returned to the hand. While this monster is in play, your spells deal 1 more damage." as spell bonus damage you have. Cost 1 less to play for each card in your hand.
Icy Summon	mage		Spell	Ice	15			Summon as many 0/1 Frost Engeance Tokens with "Can't be returned to the hand. While this monster is in play, reduce the recieved damages by 1." as number of cards in your hand. Cost 1 less to play for each card in your hand.